assets/work-flow.md, before:

# User Story:

>*AS AN employee* with access to sensitive data
>*I WANT* to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
>*SO THAT* I can create a strong password that provides greater security

---

# Acceptance Criteria:
**GIVEN I need a new, secure password**
- *WHEN I* click the button to generate a password
  *THEN I* am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria
- *WHEN* prompted for password criteria
  *THEN I* select which criteria to include in the password
- *WHEN* prompted for the length of the password
  *THEN I* choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters
- *WHEN* asked for character types to include in the password
  *THEN I* confirm whether or not to include lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters
- *WHEN* I answer each prompt
  *THEN* my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected
- *WHEN* all prompts are answered
  *THEN* a password is generated that matches the selected criteria
- *WHEN* the password is generated
  *THEN* the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page

---

# Algorithm:
>Create and deploy a  password generater which meets certain criteria to generate strong passwords.

---
## Tasks:
1. Style the 
2. Create a nav bar with related links inside. Connect each link to the corresponding section.
3. Create a container, then add images related to applications and projects that has been done so far with proper title. connect that container to the related link.
4. First application's image should be larger than the others.
5. Define a link for each application's image inorder to connect that image to the related deployed application.
6. Preper sample applications  and connect them to related section in the main webpage.
7. Design and modify the webside with respect to Rsposive Web Design, so that the whole application functions properly through every viewport and screen size. 
8. Test and run the application to make sure that every element and link is functioning.
9. Provide a decent README file.
10. Deploy the application through GitHub pages, then submit the live URL and code repositery's link. 

---
## Pattern Recognition:
- Use CSS Reset
- Use HTML semantic elements.
- Use anchor tags and style them as button.
- Connect each link to the corresponding section by using id.
- Apply Flexbox, position property(if needed), media queries and proper relative units to make the website responsive
- Use git and github to track every step and changes.

---
## Abstraction:
- Ignore functionalities related to Java Script for now.

---
## sequence:
**N/A**

---
## Debug:
**N/A**

Commit message:

modify work-flow.md file- late modificatios

assets/work-flow.md, after:

![Build Status](./image/SmallSquareLogoJpg.jpg)

# User Story:

>*AS AN employee* with access to sensitive data
>*I WANT* to randomly generate a password that meets certain criteria
>*SO THAT* I can create a strong password that provides greater security

---

# Acceptance Criteria:
**GIVEN I need a new, secure password**
- *WHEN I* click the button to generate a password
  *THEN I* am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria
- *WHEN* prompted for password criteria
  *THEN I* select which criteria to include in the password
- *WHEN* prompted for the length of the password
  *THEN I* choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters
- *WHEN* asked for character types to include in the password
  *THEN I* confirm whether or not to include lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters
- *WHEN* I answer each prompt
  *THEN* my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected
- *WHEN* all prompts are answered
  *THEN* a password is generated that matches the selected criteria
- *WHEN* the password is generated
  *THEN* the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page

---

# Algorithm:
>Create and deploy a  password generater which meets certain criteria to generate strong passwords.

---
## Tasks:
1. Create a prompt which displays the options that user has with complete discription and instruction.
2. Add a section which lets a user to select between various choices.
3. Get an input from the user which determine the length of the password characters.(Validate the input to meet the critera)
4. Get confirmation for critera choices.
5. Validate choices to make sure that they meet the least criterion expected.
6. Define needed and proper variables to store data. use if statements to make sure that the created password meets the user's expectations. Then generate a random password.
7. Display the password inside the HTML file. 

---
## Pattern Recognition:
- Use Function.
- Use alert, confirm, prompt methods to display messages and to receive inputs.
- Use if statement to validate any statement or expresion that is necessary.
- Use for loop and random method.
- Use let keyword to create variables.
- Use return to return the final value.

---
## Abstraction:
>Ignore the style and structure as they have been created already.

---
## sequence:
**N/A**

---
## Debug:
**N/A**
